One of the things that I felt,
a caution I want to per
se
talk about, was this thing going down in
Cuba. The Lord said, "Go back to the
1960s,"during
that
timeframe
when Kennedy was president. Old
ties were being reunited. And I told
you all to watch Cuba. I told you all there
are
alliances
there going to become even stronger with
Putin, Cuba, and the Havana area. I
see Cuba again. I see stationed in Cuba
secret things in Cuba with Russia.
Putin—I
told you all for the last four
years he has been busy with secret meetings,
secret things taking place, and making
alliances.
I hear "Cuban Missile
Crisis."Old
alliances, old things, devising
coalitions. The Lord said, "Watch Cuba.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis. Watch
Russia in Cuba."Remember this: behind
closed doors, there are things that you do
not know. A Red Dawn experience is
coming—the
enemy within, a Trojan horse.
Many think this is
terrorist-related,
but it is not. It is an act
of war within. They have infiltrated
over the last four years of our last
administration. Thank you, Joe Biden.
They are here and you'll remember
this in the days ahead. I've never been
to Cuba, but I could see the
electricity grid was not very good. I
could see there weren't a lot of lights
on, but across the ocean it looked
completely black outside and people were
moving at night. I saw a
biological. It was a clear container
that had metal ends and it had some kind
of pathogen in it that was from Russia.
Oh, God help me.
And it was being smuggled
into
America. This pathogen, it was a
container that was about this big
and
glass-looking.
And the Lord said,
"Watch Cuba. Watch Cuba. They're in
your backyard."And I saw darkness on
Cuba.
Darkness, like a complete grid down. And
this was on purpose and in
retaliation. There are things there that
are
not being said because
they're making ties with Russia, and
because of these ties with Russia, certain
entities are trying to influence—they see
it. They know it's coming. They know
what they're doing and
there's darkness coming on Cuba.
I saw darkness on it and I don't know
why—some
kind of cyber attack, I don't
know—but
I saw darkness and I've told you
that. And the mules left during the
darkness.
The mules left trying to be in the cover
of night. There's more to this.
In the middle of
the night, I see Cuba. Watch Cuba. Watch
Cuba. They're being promised things.
The mules. Oh, there's
great darkness there for strategic
allies concerning Putin. And this is
concerning
a darkness upon Cuba. I see problems
with the infrastructure and the electric
grid by design. Cyberattacks because
they're getting out of line. Cracking of
a whip. But the traffickers and the
MS-13—there's
gang lords. I see these
gang lords in this. And there's
Santeria.
There's great witchcraft wrapped
into this. I see it with the candles,
with great gang lords and drug
smugglers.
They're using them. That's dark. Cuba.
This is a demonic religion there. It's a
stronghold there. But God wants to bring
a great river of His presence there and
bring revival all over Cuba and spread.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis. Don't
forget the Cuban Missile Crisis. Trump,
Russia, old alliances,
old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba. It's dated
already, so it's not hard for the
infrastructure of their grid;
it's old
things. I see an extension cord
again from Russia to Cuba. And it's
under the water.
This is symbolic. It's under the water.
It's a black cord. It looks like an
internet cord going from Cuba to
Russia—a
secret cord
deep in the water.
The woman in Mexico. There's so much
corruption in so many governments all
around. This is very much how you got in
power in the first place. But there
are
keys to her, to Venezuela,
and it goes from Venezuela to her to
Cuba, and they traffic the people through
these tunnels and the drugs
come up through their tunnels. Great
corruption in the Hispanic government is
Claudia. Remember this though: Venezuela
will be like an Iraq if it keeps going
this way. I'm going to Venezuela and I
see Venezuela being promised things.
Now
I'm in Cuba and I see Cuba being
promised things and I see alliances of
Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries
that have been like outcasts. That's very
much
like Cuba lining up
with Russia, coming underneath those
trying to bring them out of that. But it
would be a base clear down there so
strong, being so close to America. That's
very dangerous.
Promising them a position in the
BRICS.
"If you help us over here, we're leading
with China and Venezuela and all these
other dark countries. Hey, you've been
picked on by the West. You've had
all these tariffs and sanctions and
all this stuff put on you that you can't
maneuver freely with your economy. Cuba,
if you join up with us and help us with
this, we will bring you out of the
Western
boot."Bringing
them into a new era of
financing, trying to position them,
telling them everything's going to be
okay if you join them up with the
BRICS.
I see submarines going to Cuba.
I see it like whenever it's bobbing up out of
the water—you know, I see that part and
it's up out of the water and it's headed
towards Cuba and it's on the East Coast.
It's a Russian submarine. I don't know
how big these get, but it's a big,
long
submarine. I saw
the Cuban Missile Crisis. Lord said,
"Pay attention to Cuba."And I could see
Cuba again. And I could see missiles and
I could see things pointed at the United
States of America. And the Lord showed
me Kennedy with Donald Trump. And the
Lord said, "The Kennedy curse."And the
Lord used the words, "Cold War will become
even colder.
A Cold War will become even
colder."I
will say the word Red Dawn. You need to
know this is bigger. And you need to
watch Cuba. You need to pray over Cuba.
You need to pray over our government.
Our last administration that was over
this country
was a very corrupt and evil
administration and they allowed things
that should never have happened and were
criminal. We have an enemy within. Over
the past four years,
there have been some very evil people
cross that border and it's worse than
what you realize. And I saw an enemy
within America, a Red Dawn. That's where
I first heard the Red Dawn experience:
that there were strategic cells
in America that would rise up and try to
cause havoc. And that's why I called it
a Red Dawn. A Red Dawn experience.
There's red, like something very serious.
And I saw Cuba and I saw Cuba involved
in this. And there was a tie of the
Cold War alliances, a KGB spirit that was
over Russia, that was over Putin, and that
it would rise up in the days ahead. I
saw a purple dragon coming up out of the
Atlantic Ocean. It was purple—a light
purple like a lavender. And the
fins—there
were
lines like
this that were a
dark purple, like a royal purple. And he
had a white mouth with dark purple
around his eyes and a red tongue. It was
a long serpent coming up out of the
ocean. It looked like one of those old
Chinese-looking
dragons, but it was
purple—all
kinds of different shades
of purple—with a white mouth and white
around, and his eyes were white with
green.
That's what I saw. He came up,
and when he came up, it looked like part
of his tail was still in the water.
He went up and down
like an "M",
following him like this for mules
with the cartel. Watch the cartel. We're
talking big money being transferred
right here. I see it. Pray for the
border control. Pray for them to find
these tunnels, for there are many more of
these tunnels. There
are
tunnels all throughout the
border of this distress from Texas all
the way to California. There
are
tunnels. Many
more. Watch Cuba. I'm watching
Cuba and it's highlighted again.
I saw Cuba and it was highlighted, and
the water around it was crystal clear
blue.
Then it had a line and Cuba
started to glow and become
alive. I saw a spring of growth
coming up out of Cuba with leaves coming
onto it and it was growing. There
was an extension, and I could see it had
a line going from Cuba—like you
would see an internet cord coming
out of Cuba into Russia—making Cuba
alive. It started to glow around the
border with an electric light.
When you see the sun shining
through the clouds and the
clouds
glowing with light around them as
it bleeds
through
the edges,
that's the way Cuba looked. But as it
started to glow on the outskirts of the
island, a new fountain of growth came up
out of the middle of it as an extension
cord was extended to them.
If it works this way, it will work with
everything else.
You have some very smart people with
very evil minds. This is not
terrorism;
watch Cuba. Watch the mules
and
the people.
Remember the Kennedy
curse they try to bring
on Trump.
Remember
old alliances from the 1960s during the
Cuban Missile Crisis. Watch Cuba in
the days ahead.
I see chatter on the phone
between
Russia and Cuba. It's like underground chatter.
This is them providing the extension to
Cuba with that growth coming up out of
the land for financial freedom from
America to get out from underneath the
Western boot. They're still devising a
plan, but this is secretive. They even
have some underground facility there
on that island that goes clear back to
the Cuban Missile Crisis. They have
underground bunkers underneath the
island of Cuba. It's close now,
near
the water's edge.
I see an underground
silo
in
Cuba.
They have things in here that
are
bad. I see the hazard
symbol again; it looks like a
device with a yellow hazard symbol on
the side of it. Do you
remember what I told you about
the purple dragon
coming
up three times out of the water
by Cuba? Again, I see the
hazard symbol—the yellow with
the black design on it. That's what
I'm seeing on the side of a device
in an
underground bunker, and it came
from Russia. They got it from Russia for
trade for something. They're doing
something, but it's
underground
in
a
cave on the island,
and
it has little wires and a little red
antenna on it. They only have
one of them.
That's all they need is one. They just
want you to store it there. I see these
islands, but this is like the mainland
and they're all highlighted with
red. This concerns Cuba.
I see those
islands and they're red, and
it's about England. But I'm seeing
Russia is involved in this
in
retaliation. There's a
device that they're putting in
storage
in Cuba. Why do they want to
store it in Cuba? It makes you purple. I
just saw it; I had a flash of it and it
looked purple. It makes them purple when
they
die.
It's like the
girl in Willy Wonka
who
turned her face blue because she ate the
blueberry, Violet. That's basically
what I'm seeing: these people are
dead and it's making them purple.
I saw attacks coming against
America.
I saw old Cuban alliances
trying to bring back old ties,
trying to bring forth a third world war
greater than what we've ever seen before
with conventional weapons beyond what
they ever had in World War II and World
War I. Missiles that will destroy mass
amounts
of people.
Not just like
HIMARS,
we're talking bombs that are crazy
compared to what they had in World War
II. Our technology now is scary
with biological weapons and all the stuff we
have. And when they try to do all this,
it will be very, very ugly.